we all start life as one single cell
then that cell divides and we're two
cells then four then eight cells form
tissues tissues form organs organs form
us so how did you guys decide like what
style to use I originally when I was
reading the script I was thinking a lot
about food were you hungry
I was hungry darlings I always have but
now I was thinking about healthy food
and thinking of how can I use material
how can I actually let me t realize that
cell cancer cell in the healthy cell so
decided to screen and seeds for healthy
cells and then for the cancerous cells
actually decides to use a candy we did a
little short animation before this we're
using different colored jelly beans to
animate bacteria so I thought oh you
know we can use that but then the jelly
beans actually were like a little too
big to construct this cell and so I
decided to go with something smaller
with my innards at least I can actually
tell a little more about calm
each cell yeah when we were we have a
whole collection of seeds and candy
nerds
in front of us so we actually ended up
using buckwheat and lentils for the
healthy cells and then for the candy
nerds
they were really a perfect size we got
to play with the colors and switch them
around to make those cells look a little
bit more alive like they were constantly
changing so it really had a more erratic
look than the seeds which were natural
colors but that would also stay
consistent throughout these actually the
actual things you see probably like come
in pink orange yellow bringing all these
colors so I wanted to create the image
of a cancer cell something that is a bad
so we actually shot these things as they
are and the change the hue in the
computer so they appear more neon blue
and toxic in a way and it wasn't just
food right there were also other
materials that you guys knew right there
was there was a part in the video that
talked about tissue and organs and I
stayed within that same idea and thought
like which natural material I can use to
construct these these objects
and then I think the tissue we used
something that was a like a lacy pattern
and then for the rest of it it was
mostly knitted yarn or crocheted yarn so
those were the materials he will see in
the human body because we did not really
have the skills or the time to actually
crochet these things
our artist Celeste actually crochet her
organs and Photoshop so we would take
these patterns from some stock with
every mountain line and she did step by
step and she actually like made it in
shape of that Oregon so those were the
materials we use